BC Children's and Women's Hospital reproduction — 2026-10-01

Local example: /bc-hospital
Reference route: /bc-hospital?from=300&to=258&accessible=1
Source demo: https://demos.mappedin.com/web/mappedin-web/bc-children-s-and-women-s-hospital-campus/bc-childrens-hospital.html#/directions?to=Gift%20Shop&from=Breast%20Health%20Imaging%20Center

Input: user's downloaded demos.mappedin.com capture; the complete public MVF
zip is cdn.mappedin.com/67dc522077ee057bb82a147b/c85f5de52fd4ce28578a97694678b026e91858a7.zip.
SHA256: 66cc3e5a1091417255b69ff9f95860c5f60fba22251095a72ef7c881ebcfdd70.
No captured credentials or signed API requests are required or copied.

Implemented
- Eight indoor building stacks, 41 maps including outdoors, ten interior
  elevations plus a display-only Campus outdoors option (-100).
- 6,751 source polygons and all 54 holes preserved to 9 decimal places.
- Source colours, heights, opacity and map/building provenance retained.
- A room-view switch offers top-down 2D and pitched 3D without changing the
  selected destination, floor or route. 2D flattens rooms, walls and floor
  slabs; 3D raises rooms at the captured heights. Department regions sort
  below their smaller rooms, with at most 4 cm of display depth separation
  and thin raised room-edge strips to prevent coplanar roofs masking rooms.
  The raw imported geometry/heights remain unchanged. Connector footprints
  retain the source 0.6 opacity, with smaller blue/white icons at close zoom.
  The active floor retains lower-floor room context through its source openings:
  279 derived clipped polygons, including 50 Level 1 rooms under Teck Level 2's
  three openings. Clipping traces downward to the nearest solid source floor.
  Lower-floor room geometry is recessed in 3D (height * 0.35 / levels below);
  this is display depth, not full architectural storey spacing. 2D preserves
  the same clipped rooms, with floor backgrounds drawn before room colours.
- A compact building/floor selector reproduces the source's blue badges,
  descending levels, orange selected row and Change building flow. Each of the
  eight buildings offers its own source levels, including Teck Ground Level and
  Parking Garage. Building choice fits the camera to its source floor bounds.
  POI selection and route steps keep the selected building in sync. Clicking
  a visible lower room opens its original location on its actual source floor.
  The room-to-location lookup is memoized across UI/floor changes.
- Hospital discovery uses the ten reference category tiles and the source's
  45 categories, memberships and child-category hierarchy. Search and cards
  retain source category names, building/floor context and the old clinic alias.
- Compact rounded panels, source logos, hours, category links, contact details
  and gallery photos. Captured public images are served from local assets;
  any uncaptured public image falls back to its original public URL.
- Branded hospital logos on map labels; map labels open location cards.
- Hospital directions begin with the route overview and Start button, followed
  by an orange-highlighted instruction timeline. Existing route geometry,
  endpoint editing, accessible routing, floor changes and preview remain intact.
- 6,812 directed source graph edges, weights and 7,246 node identities retained.
  Coincident nodes receive millimetre nudges so disconnected source identities
  cannot accidentally merge. Explicit destinations bind to their own source
  entrances; isolated rooms remain unreachable instead of snapping through walls.
- Elevator/stair footprints correctly distinguish plural source layer Elevators.
  The source has no escalator connections in this hospital bundle.
- Directed connector metadata fixes reverse-floor instructions when opposite
  source edges share endpoint coordinates. Portals become walks/ramps rather
  than invented stairs. Direct elevator links retain all served floors.
- Room cards/search results show the source building and floor name. The old
  Breast Health Imaging Center name is searchable as an alias of the current
  Breast Health Clinic & Bone Density name, as resolved by the live demo.

Route comparison
The live public demo was inspected, including its turn-by-turn directions:
Breast Health Clinic & Bone Density (Shaughnessy DEF Level 2), elevator down
  to Level 1, enter Shaughnessy AB Block, enter BC Women's Hospital, enter
  BC Children's Hospital, arrive Gift Shop. The imported route follows that
  sequence for normal and accessible routing. It shows approximately 340 m
  and 4 min. The source also shows 4 min.
The initial importer incorrectly chose an outdoor detour through Entrance 77.
Captured neighbor weights and the downloaded SDK source establish that
enterprise routing adds distance to same-map weights and uses the stored
weight for cross-map links. Preserving these preferences resolves the detour.
They are not durations: the new routing_cost property is separate from ETA.
The source SDK estimates walking at 1.42 m/s and does not add a generic elevator
wait. This timing model is enabled only for the hospital. Harrods keeps its
source fixed ride times; other venues keep existing estimates.

Verification
python3 scripts/verify-bc-hospital-source.py /path/to/mvf.zip
  PASS: all source polygons, holes, styles and directed edges/weights match.
npx tsx scripts/verify-bc-hospital-routing.ts
  PASS: 142 source route/shaft-direction cases, plus an isolated source room.
npx tsx scripts/verify-venue-routing.ts bc-hospital harrods --pairs=40
  PASS: no incorrect floors, suboptimal routes, unsupported graph hops or
  accessibility violations. Includes correctly rejected disconnected rooms.
npx tsx scripts/verify-harrods-routing.ts
  PASS: 87 existing Harrods routing regressions.
Browser tests: 15 hospital/vendor cases pass, including six hospital flows.
  Final lower-floor and floor-picker changes are checked with two browser workers.
  The first unrestricted concurrent run hit browser timeouts; bounded runs pass.
  Floor-context verifier: 279 polygons exactly match source openings and nearest
  lower-floor coverage; the 50 Teck Level 1 rooms remain below Level 2 only.
  Floor-view verifier: all 11 floors in 2D/3D, recessed context, source immutability
  and 2D floor-before-room paint order.
  Alias, source details/gallery/category links, floor preview/arrival, exterior-
  to-interior switching, source building sequence and 2D/3D route retention.
Production build, TypeScript and targeted ESLint verified.
TypeScript, targeted ESLint, Python compile and git diff whitespace checks pass.

Remaining differences from the vendor
- Source SDK smooths its graph paths and merges directions more aggressively.
  Our route currently has 18 instructions versus the reference's 10.
- Source has dynamic zoom fading and smarter label ranking. We use reduced
  room-number labels. Captured hospital logos are reproduced; connector glyphs are our own
  blue/white stairs and elevator icons, rather than the proprietary SDK icons.
- Captured styles match the provided bundle. The live demo may have newer
  colours or content, and its lighting/camera/label treatment differs.
- Many numbered rooms have zero-neighbor entry nodes in the source. They are
  shown/searchable but cannot receive a valid route unless real connections
  are supplied; no fabricated room-door connections have been added.

Reimport
python3 scripts/port-mappedin-mvf.py bc-hospital /path/to/captured-mvf.zip

Screenshots
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-source-route.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-cutaway-level-1.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-cutaway-level-2.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-exterior.png

Room-view/UI screenshots
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-rooms-3d.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-rooms-2d.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-gift-shop-card.png

Lower-floor and selector screenshots
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-level-2-lower-rooms-3d.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-level-2-lower-rooms-2d.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-building-floor-picker.png

Cutaway verification
python3 scripts/verify-bc-hospital-floor-context.py
npx tsx scripts/verify-bc-hospital-floor-view.ts

Directions preview presentation (desktop and mobile)
- Dedicated hospital desktop preview: white rounded panel, source-like type
  sizes and greys, blue progress line with elevator and arrival markers,
  dotted timeline, orange selected instruction and fixed previous/next controls.
- Mobile uses a compact current-instruction card above the map and a bottom
  summary/control card, with the current building/floor chip between them.
  The route line uses the reference's light blue. Other venue styles retain
  their existing presentation.
- Animated preview reports its current instruction and updates the displayed
  building/floor; manual step changes cancel playback. Close/Back returns to
  the editable route with both endpoints retained. Route options support Escape.
- The screenshot journey is NICU (Dragonfly), POI 1877, to Emergency (Turtle
  Bay) Reception, POI 260, accessible: 226 m and 3 minutes, with an elevator
  descent from Teck Level 2 to Level 1. Local instructions still use our route
  engine rather than copying the reference's more aggressive direction merging.
- Responsive visual checks: desktop 1440 x 900, mobile 390 x 844 and 320 x 568.
  Small-phone content has no horizontal overflow and leaves the map visible
  between the instruction and summary cards.
- Final verification: 19 browser cases pass (8 hospital, 9 vendor routes,
  2 Bebetei desktop/mobile); 142 hospital and 87 Harrods routing regressions
  pass. Production build, TypeScript, targeted ESLint and whitespace check pass.

Directions preview screenshots
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-route-preview-desktop.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-route-preview-mobile.png

Next/Previous camera follow comparison
- Compared the live public Mappedin NICU (Dragonfly) to Emergency (Turtle Bay)
  route on desktop and mobile. Reference Next frames the selected walking
  section, highlights it, and switches to the arrival floor on the elevator
  instruction. Previous to the preceding walking instruction restores Level 2.
- Replaced the hospital's fixed zoom-20 jump to an instruction point with an
  animated fit of its actual routed section. Camera padding uses the rendered
  desktop panel or mobile instruction/floor-chip bounds; resizing refits after
  MapLibre updates its internal viewport. Current 2D/3D pitch and bearing are
  preserved.
- Hospital connector steps frame the route on the arrival floor. Other venues
  retain their boarding-floor connector previews. Selected path/position overlays
  clear when editing or rerouting. A thinner light-blue base route distinguishes
  the darker current walking section.
- Verification: all 21 hospital/vendor/Bebetei browser cases pass. The two new
  Next/Previous cases additionally inspect real MapLibre projected path points,
  rendered selected-section features and layer order on desktop and mobile;
  both pass after the final route-width and resize changes, including resizing
  across the mobile/desktop breakpoint in both directions. A source-geometry check
  covers 53 instruction sections across three forward/reverse hospital journeys,
  including correct floors, connector context, cleanup and short-phone padding.
  Existing 142 hospital and 87 Harrods routing cases, TypeScript, targeted ESLint,
  production build and whitespace checks pass.
- Direction merging remains a separate difference: this NICU journey has 17
  local instructions versus 9 in the reference. No route geometry was replaced
  with straight camera lines or changed to imitate the reference's wording.

Next/Previous screenshots
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-step-follow-mobile.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-step-follow-desktop.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-step-follow-elevator-mobile.png
  docs/screenshots/bc-hospital-reference-next-mobile.png

Next/Previous geometry verification
npx tsx scripts/verify-bc-hospital-step-follow.ts
