Harrods source-fidelity follow-up — 2026-10-01

The wall-safe mesh still allowed shortcuts through department footprints.
Comparison with the original route responses showed 49–60 m outside source
walkway/circulation areas, versus only 7–11 m in the vendor's routes.
The captures contain circulation polygons that the previous importer omitted.

Implemented
- Include the source circulation polygons and preserve their boundaries,
  together with walkway boundaries, inside the constrained triangulation.
  Department polygons no longer swallow the aisle network during unioning.
- Prefer these public walking areas using routing_cost_factor. Fully
  off-aisle walking edges cost 5x during path selection; department access
  remains possible. Preference costs do not inflate displayed walking time.
  A trial that only reweighted the old graph produced detours and was rejected.
- Recover the boarding/arrival coordinates of one escalator and two elevators
  from the original route responses. Each pair uniquely fits the same-type
  source footprints on both floors. Preserve their source group IDs and
  distinguish captured from inferred landing coordinates in the route data.
  Other floors of those shafts still use inferred positions.
- Check connector positions as well as type and floor sequence. Matching just
  "elevator" could otherwise let a different shaft pass the regression.
- Count a continuous elevator ride as one floor change in the UI summary.
  Floors travelled still determine the ride time. Fifth -> Ground -> Lower
  Ground now shows two changes; elevator-only Fifth -> Lower Ground shows one.
- Add --output to the importer so candidate fixtures can be tested separately.
  Add an independent source-path comparison script and an aisle-choice test.

Comparison against fixed captured endpoints (0.25 m sampling)
                                Earlier graph       Current graph
Lower Ground -> Third Floor     48.4% within 2 m     93.5% within 2 m
Mini Super Brands -> Chocolate  67.9% within 2 m    100.0% within 2 m
Door 3 -> Sushi by Masa         64.0% within 2 m     73.9% within 2 m

Median deviations are now 0.23 m, 0.17 m and 0.21 m respectively. Distance
outside source aisles fell from 57.87/60.45/48.98 m to 12.00/8.34/7.74 m.
Current measured horizontal lengths are 118.79/146.20/117.55 m, versus source
polyline lengths 115.77/140.55/116.86 m. Compare like-for-like geometry:
vendor-reported distances differ slightly from its returned polyline lengths.
All metrics, including original reported distances, are in
harrods-route-fidelity-results.json. These are three observed paths, not a
claim that every pair in the building reproduces the vendor's route.

Validation
- All 63,228 horizontal graph segments avoid the unchanged source obstacle
  cores; original 4 cm wall / 6 cm virtual-obstacle tolerance is retained.
- Eleven real-engine routes pass, including captured shaft positions,
  normal/reverse/accessibility trips, unreachable targets and rejected snaps.
- Five physical-layout tests pass, including preferring a public U-shaped
  aisle over an open department shortcut while retaining department access.
- 40 pairs each in Harrods, City Mall, Mappedin Mall, Eaton Centre and Bowie
  State agree with independent Dijkstra, with no wrong floors, inaccessible
  connectors, missing/extra paths, or suboptimal routing weights. Harrods
  median route computation: 4 ms; maximum: 13 ms in this sample.
- Eight browser tests pass, including changing the multi-floor example to
  elevator-only navigation. Typecheck and targeted lint pass.
- Live browser checks confirm boarding-step focus stays on Fifth Floor,
  the following walking step switches to Ground Floor, and the accessible
  variant groups its six-floor elevator ride into one instruction/change.
- Graph reachability from Louis Vuitton improved to 966/994 normally and
  960/994 accessible-only (previously 952/994 and 948/994). This counts graph
  reachability; existing same-coordinate POI arrival handling remains a
  separate UI issue. The captured map, POI and obstacle files are unchanged.
- Generated route payload is now approximately 19.9 MB, versus 9.4 MB for
  the earlier graph: preserving aisle boundaries adds vertices and edges.

Remaining differences and evidence limits
Door 3 -> Sushi still takes the other mapped aisle around one department.
Its length is close, but the 95th-percentile source deviation is 7.32 m.
The other two examples are much closer (2.28 m and 1.07 m at the 95th
percentile). The source SDK sends routing requests to the server; neither
the directory captures nor the richer HAR contain its full walking graph.
The tile metadata describes drawing layers, not a navigable graph.

Exact aisle centrelines, destination entrances/anchors, most escalator
directions, and unobserved shaft links remain unavailable. Imported polygon
POIs use their existing centres; Mini Super Brands and Chocolate Hall differ
from the server's captured route endpoints by about 5.3 m and 2.1 m. The
quantitative comparison deliberately fixes endpoints to the original route
coordinates to isolate pathfinding from that separate destination issue.
Walking polylines were not inserted into the graph. Only their endpoint and
connector-node observations are used. Car park entrances and street links
remain inferred. UNBC is excluded.

Reproduce
python3 scripts/port-pointr-harrods.py
python3 -m unittest discover -s tests/geometry
npx tsx scripts/verify-harrods-routing.ts --out=/tmp/harrods-routes.json
python3 scripts/verify-harrods-geometry.py /tmp/harrods-routes.json
python3 scripts/compare-harrods-reference-routes.py /tmp/harrods-routes.json
npx tsx scripts/verify-venue-routing.ts harrods --pairs=40

Review
docs/screenshots/harrods-route-fidelity.png
docs/screenshots/harrods-route-fidelity-live.jpg
docs/harrods-route-fidelity-results.json
scripts/compare-harrods-reference-routes.py

No commit, publication or deployment was performed.
